I've completed some courses in Coursera in the past years, in fact since I was in High School, but never got a certificate, but now that I am in college and searching for a better job, it would really help me to boost my profile, also, as I'm a student and my parents are not willing to pay for online courses (since they are already paying for college). I started working in a part time job, with a wage of $5,000 mxn per month. Also, with my wage I'm not able to pay for these courses, since I have more critical things to spend the money on (like food, college books, transportation, etc.). In my college they don't teach other paradigms but Object Oriented, but I think it is very important to be able to code in different paradigms. I've completed a lot of courses at Coursera in the past five years and I would really like to have certificates for some of them to be able to show my knowledge. I have already obtained two certificates with financial aid, and it's really making my profile look more professional.

I'm currently working part time in a start up that uses Scala as its main language, but I'm not familiar with it, passing these courses and getting a certificate would be the best way to show that I'm able to code. it would help me to get more used to the language and understand functional programming in order to perform better at job. Also, it seems like Scala has become more popular in the past few years (http://appliedscala.com/blog/2016/scala-popularity/) and it could be a nice-to-have when applying for a new job. Also, it seems like Scala is becoming a popular language for machine learning and data science (http://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/01/most-popular-language-machine-learning-data-science.html), field that I'm highly interested in. So it would help me in my current job, to boost my profile to expand my knowledge in functional programming and as an introduction to a growing scientific language.

Only if there is a warranty that I would get a job with a wage enough to pay the certification.
